Sri Lanka’s Pain Points 
>> Tragedy and mass carnage due to lack of proper waste management - houses were destroyed or damaged due to a collapse of a section of the Meethotamulla garbage dumping site (garbage mountain) where the entire Colombo district garbage is currently being dumped; so far around 23m tonnes of garbage has been dumped at the site.

>> As a result of these issues, the government is actively beginning investment in solid waste management facilities. 

>> However, the collection platform still is not efficient, and there is little push to get citizens to practice RRR

>> The impending problem has led to the emergence of several recycling facilities in Sri Lanka, including;
•	Viridis – 
•	Eco Spindles
•	Piramal glass (manufacturer, also recycler)
•	E-waste collection – 
•	Green Lanka

There are also fragmented ‘Bothal/pathara’ Shops >> we can connect them as well

Collection Model
>> Dual model for on the point collection and one for plastics collection

Figure X: Financial model
...
The typical breakeven for a collector’s truck is ~$750 (based on 40km roundtrip in Colombo including collection labor). Currently, for feasible collection requires a minimum load of 500kg of plastics (or ~25,000 PET bottles). 

This level of infrastructure costs is difficult for us to bare, so we are currently we are examining partnering with collectors/recyclers who will pitch our platform to. The offering is a careful balance of supply/demand, volume growth and operating costs – essentially a sacrifice of 10-25% of recycler receivables as redemptions to the users, drives volume growth, too little and it won’t incentivize enough to grow user base, too much and the collector can’t cover the operating costs.

We are not taking a cut of the profit until volume growth is proven by our platform (which will then be negotiable).

>> Include growth and profitability trajectory modelling

Methods of driving growth
We have two methods of driving growth; Incentivizing and Gamification. We have already talked at length about the model behind incentivizing.   

Gamification is a popular method employed by fitness companies to get a user to sustainably support an activity, such as exercise. We are applying the same framework and designing a gamification systems that;
1.	Leaderboard for area, with more prizes
2.	Collection rewards and patterns
3.	Community driven efforts 

>> Other forms


