Who are we? 
We are a seed stage startup building a scalable, data driven, incentivized recycling platform to cater to emerging markets (EM). Our platform will leverage 1. mobile apps for users, 2. mobile apps for validators, and a 3. dashboard for accessing the data driven insights.

We provide the technology platform that enables EM collection authorities to efficiently collect, direct and understand recyclables. Our platform uses an incentivizing and gamification to attract and grow the users base, attribution to identify user disposal patterns, and educate the users. The gathered data will be used in the form of a dashboard also provide to the collectors for optimizing sorting costs, route optimization, and awareness raising campaigns.

>> images?

Our stage of innovation: 
Working POC, building the platform for scalability
Striking partnership deal with largest collector in Sri Lanka

Future plans: 
Fully functional scalable platform powered by AWS
Trial the solution in small districts for PET and E-waste
Strike CSR deals with major retailers



QR codes enables user validation and redemption for each contribution
Validation by the collector can be done at the user’s premise (e.g. laptops) or on premise (e.g. lot of PET bottles) via the manual sorters
Data at user level (e.g. disposal patterns, favorite brands) and at district level (types of items most thrown, proximity to water ways, etc) will be combined to drive a targeted collection and education process

Challenge 1 - Improved Visibility of Plastic Waste Generation and Material Flows
1. Tracking and understand where plastic waste comes from and where does it go? Tick
2. Better understand waste generation based on its quality (type, cleanliness, etc) and source (urban/rural, commercial/household, community-level/country-level, etc)?
3. Predict the consumer attitudes and behaviors to identify potential channels of influence on plastics?

Challenge 2 - Optimization of Circular Supply Chains for Plastics
1. How might we incentivize responsible for plastic use and waste management?
2. How might we enhance the visibility, connectivity, and efficiency of informal sector waste collectors and aggregators?
3. How might we improve the visibility of pricing?
4. How might we better track and improve value generation across the supply chain?

*Further detail is available on our comprehensive assessment report 








