Text
Thank you, Chanel, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Tesla's third quarter 2016 Q&A webcast. I'm joined
today by Elon Musk; JB Straubel; Jason Wheeler, and Jon McNeill. Our Q3 results are announced in the update letter at
the same link as this webcast, and during our call today we will make – we'll discuss our business outlook and make
forward-looking statements. These are based on our predictions and expectations as of today. Actual events or results
could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties including those mentioned in our most recent filings
with the SEC.
We will start today's call with some brief comments by Elon and Jason followed by your questions and answers, and
during the Q&A, please try to limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up. And so, if you want to log-in to the
Q&A queue, please do so now by pressing star one. And, Elon, I'll pass it over to you.
All right. Thank you. My comments will be brief because I think it's really – what I would have to say is captured in the
earnings letter, but obviously the main thing is that we were able to have our best quarter ever, achieved full GAAP
profitability and, moreover, I think we are headed to have a great fourth quarter as well.
One of the concerns I've seen out there is that perhaps Q3 was [ph] delayed (2:07) at the expense of Q4. This is not
true, and we currently believe that Q4 will be profitable, excluding non-cash stock-based expenses. I think there's
actually a chance that we will be profitable even including non-cash stock-based expenses. There's just a chance. I
would – it's not a promise but I think we've got a shot at actually being profitable even taking stock-based expenses into
account.
So it's very exciting, and I think we're very proud of the Tesla team for executing so well on Q3 and going into Q4 and
beyond. So, yeah. It's been great. Definitely one of the best moments ever in Tesla I think. Jason?
Jason S. Wheeler
Cool. Thanks, Elon. Just a couple of points I wanted to hit on real quickly before we jump into Q&A. One is I just want
to point out the prudent financial managements that we've been able to accomplish over the last several quarters. An
example here is back in 2015, we were spending $400 million a quarter on CapEx. We've averaged about $250 million
a quarter in 2016. That will change as Model 3 starts to ramp-up in Q4, but we are focusing on making sure that every
dollar we spend is in its highest and best use.
From a gross margin perspective, if you look at automotive gross margin and you exclude ZEV credit revenue, we had
140 basis point improvement quarter-over-quarter. Lots of different factors there. One, obviously, the increase in
volume helps on the labor and overhead front.
Secondly, our reliability continues to get better and better. A big change in Model X over the last 12 months, as we
highlighted in the letter, and continued improvements in batteries and drive units across both vehicles. Another source
of gross margin improvement is supplier sourcing and the wind-down of our commitments on prototype parts for
Model X.
Third point on financial management. You can see our OpEx is growing sub-linear to revenue. The operating leverage
that we've been talking about through the course of the year is starting to kick in. To put some real numbers around
that, GAAP revenue was up 81% quarter-over-quarter, 145% year-over-year and yet GAAP OpEx was only up 7%
quarter-over-quarter and 33% year-over-year.
Second thing I want to talk for just a couple minutes about is what we've done to the capital structure and our sources
of liquidity. As you may have read in the letter, we paid down $600 million in debt within the quarter. Most notably,
$422 million of conversions on our 2018 converts de-risking the balance sheet in the future. In addition to that, we're
able to sign a $300 million warehouse line, which gives us more leasing capacity at great terms. The terms on that
vehicle are less than 2%. Also, we managed to get an 80% increase with our largest North America leasing partner in
the quarter. And we're also on task to sign-up a new leasing partner in Q4.
So, generally, I'd just like to point out that our access to capital markets and our sources of liquidity is as strong as it's
ever been.
Yeah. In fact, just to highlight one [ph] element (5:34) of what Jason's saying, our vehicle gross margin increased Q2 to
Q3. One of the other things I've seen out there is that, like, somehow we achieved these numbers as a result of
widespread discounting, that is absolutely false. There were a few discounts that – but they were few and far between
and that has been absolutely shot down to zero. So you can see that in the fact that the vehicle profitability increased,
even excluding ZEV credits from Q2 to Q3.
